Add `MIGRATION.md` migration guide (#4)
iangmaia/release-toolkit: MIGRATION.md

# Release Toolkit Migration Guide

---

## Migrating to Trunk

### Considerations for breaking changes

- Ensure that calls to `ios_bump_version_release` already passed `skip_glotpress: true`.
In case of passing false as parameter or not providing a value (false being the default for this ConfigItem), you'll have to ensure that:
  - `download_metadata.swift` isn't being used; if it is, it's a good time to migrate to the new tooling
  - You're not relying on `ios_bump_version_release` for commiting the `.po/.pot` file

> - The deprecated actions `ios_localize_project` and `ios_update_metadata` were now completely removed. If your project is still using it, please use the new tooling instead.
> See `ios_generate_strings_file_from_code`, `ios_extract_keys_from_strings_files`, `ios_download_strings_files_from_glotpress` and `ios_merge_strings_files`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The deprecated actions `ios_localize_project` and `ios_update_metadata` were now completely removed. If your project is still using them, please use the new tooling instead.
  - See `ios_generate_strings_file_from_code`, `ios_extract_keys_from_strings_files`, `ios_download_strings_files_from_glotpress` and `ios_merge_strings_files` for typical replacements.
```
